in this episode of the moto life we're
checking in with AMA Pro Rick York's hit
new trails and Richie Canyon and later
we got local legend Feeny Carbone as he
and his friends have a little fun on a
BMX way speaking of ramps we're headed
down to Paul with X Games gold medalist
map by going huge and some high-flying
freestyle motocross actions Rev your
engines
this is the Moto life
what's up moto lifers my name is Joseph
Ashton this is my boy Ricky York's Ricky
you're normally known as a motocross on
a supercross guy but today you're doing
a little bit of free riding tell us
about it yeah I think when any of us
have some time off we like to go out and
shred the hills and just have fun out
there
now your boy Vinnie Carbone known as a
little bit of a wild child yeah the
dudes an animal he goes out there and
just shovels all day and sends it all
right let's go check out Ricky and his
boys going gnarly in trechie Canyon Rob
Malcolm's out here dude people think we
do it with tractors but it's all shovel
working find the hillside one-nil and
another hill that matches up for you
trying to put a lip landing
myself Vinnie Carbone all the locals
were out to shred the hills having a
great time always have a blast at Richie
yeah yeah after shovelling and riding
all day it was kind of hot and we jumped
the BMX bikes off of sketchy freestyle
ring up into the pond
you got enough for this stuff out in
Italy today
go back cross street and go back and
ride I can't breathe don't you out of
shape for BMX stuff I'm in moto shape
that's it
up next we're gonna go check out Matt
bitin X Games gold medalist going huge
at Pala MX hitting some of the gnarliest
freestyle ramps around check it out
hey what's going on you're hanging out
here with Matt Biden today we hit Paulo
put in a good ramp session who's good
fun a nice day and life's good
you know everyone seems to think that
I'm only a step up guy but that's not
the case you know hi honestly I fully
lived a moto life you know whether it's
going around the track going through the
desert going in the sand dunes the only
thing I can't do is freaking wheelie
I don't know how I can't really
hey guys thanks for hanging out with me
riding here at Pala today stay tuned for
more than moto life because we're gonna
get off him
funny story I actually jumped the the
step-up ramp with Matt Biden and I
didn't even get to the top I fell back
down no joke true story thanks again for
checking us out moto lifers for more go
to moto life Facebook all the social
networks blow it up we love you what's
up moto lifers we're back with my boy
Ricky York's we just went huge and ready
now sorry
hey moto lifers I have a mullet I'm
gonna get it cut soon until then I'll be
wearing this focus Apparel hat what are
we doing yeah what's up moto lifers
hahaha so hard I think that's gonna be
funny